README.md, before:

## User Story
```
AS A traveler
I WANT to see the weather outlook for multiple cities
SO THAT I can plan a trip accordingly
```

## Acceptance Criteria 
```
GIVEN a weather dashboard with form inputs
WHEN I search for a city
THEN I am presented with current and future conditions for that city and that city is added to the search history
WHEN I view current weather conditions for that city
THEN I am presented with the city name, the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the humidity, and the wind speed
WHEN I view future weather conditions for that city
THEN I am presented with a 5-day forecast that displays the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the wind speed, and the humidity
WHEN I click on a city in the search history
THEN I am again presented with current and future conditions for that city

```

# Phase 1

Structure
Two columns - Search & Info
Search
    search bar
    search button
    search history
Info
    current: weather, temp, humidity, wind speed
    city name, date, weather icon 
    future: 5-day forecast with date, weather, temp, wind speed, humidity 

# Phase 2

get API key
link API key with files

# Phase 3 

type in city
click button
get city info
search info saved

# Phase 4

user can click city in search history
brings up info

Commit message:

added description to README file, reformatted the temp to imperial units and to only two digits, added weather icon

README.md, after:

# Weather Dashboard

## Description 
I created this exercise to have a better understanding of the fetch function and see just how useful server-side APIs can be when applied to a website. Server-side API's are powerful (and fun!) tools that can make a website useful in every-day life. 

## Usage



## User Story
```
AS A traveler
I WANT to see the weather outlook for multiple cities
SO THAT I can plan a trip accordingly
```

## Acceptance Criteria 
```
GIVEN a weather dashboard with form inputs
WHEN I search for a city
THEN I am presented with current and future conditions for that city and that city is added to the search history
WHEN I view current weather conditions for that city
THEN I am presented with the city name, the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the humidity, and the wind speed
WHEN I view future weather conditions for that city
THEN I am presented with a 5-day forecast that displays the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the wind speed, and the humidity
WHEN I click on a city in the search history
THEN I am again presented with current and future conditions for that city

```
